Previously on Mr. Gaddafi
A second one was fairly大的
Even when I'm in the middle of a night,
I want to talk to a woman like that.
If you say so, you're an idiot.
That's the current situation in Yoshihara.
But I'm not jealous of the two-headed man.
Even if the million-dollar name is
a pile of money,
I don't like it.
If you send a woman to the side,
she'll be a woman who can't be free.
I'm a man of two stars on the mountain.
I'm a typhoon-eater who eats a lot.
So I'm a craftsman at night.
I'm a man of two stars on the mountain.
If you give up, you'll be deceived by one word.
I came back as it was.
And then I woke up in a dream.
I'm a man of two stars on the mountain.
I'm a typhoon-eater.
I want to know if you're a typhoon.
I want to touch you.
I'm a man of two stars on the mountain.
I'm a typhoon-eater.